Help again.
So let's create our first resource pool.
So a click on your resource pool give it a name
and a source for aid.
We'll give it to stand out in one format and this one as we click OK.
So it's great art resource.
All right.
So if we click on it we get a quick idea about it.
So you see the details of this one have five gigahertz then one gigabyte of the room.
How much virtual machine and templates are available in this one part of on virtual machine.
Child issues if you remember we can carry a child that is school and child.
The app can get different hair than normal how much sleep use expand from zero.
And limits in tool limits we have worst case on location.
That's means the minimum gaze on location is zero the memory as the same etc..
Some define right here then the cluster use it is the cluster that we have right there etc..
So we have monitored to get to the event or the issue that we have the config the same if you want to
continue to spew or memory you change it from this one for example we want to give it about high or
low et cetera.
Then the rain for example we want to give it more rain like that.
We chose for example from Manimal to hide.
OK.
Then the permission the permission of the user if you remember to use a section from the previous course
then the resource pool and the virtual machine available in this resource pool.
Of course it's still empty.
So let's create another resource pool like this one resource pool.
No it's not.
It's funny because simply a source for the and give is for example Now this one now.
OK.
Then this one if we try it it's restores for example give it high.
And this one.
Hi.
OK.
So then let's try to put some virtual machine inside a different resource board.
For example does Windows 7 inside a resource or a make art
they do Windows XP in the resource pool.
And but talk just like this one.
So when we take the Swan We have treat virtual machine inside the rest of the sport.
And when you're through the machine inside the resource pool will be then of course we have some other
virtual machine that's used to mount a resource or route.
So does that mean the physical resources that actually.
So if we take this one it's still consume zero.
What is the result.
Of course we need to power one on your machine to start seeing consumation of the results.
So like Juan Sloan
this one like that.
So if we take note the resource board will see that stop consuming the available resource.
And then when any virtual machine start how overloaded in our resource available in the cluster cluster
we'll start distributing the resource of this host in relation about the value that we give it to reduce
the sport.
For example this one gets sort of virtual machine can consume height value of the resource available
in the different terms.
Then the same for the second one will consume up to the level of table in this one.
So you see I had the memory star consume about 100 megabytes and if we checked the other one store consumed
less because this one is just Windows XP does one have three bedroom machine so every one take its own
resource.
So this is the idea of the resource pool.
We limited this virtual machine to the resource pool.
I've lived in this one and this machine also limited the Baidu resource in this one.
And of course any time you want to get more resource to our virtual machine inside our tools pull you
back right where you change from normal to height and give it some reservation and so on and so on.
So this is the idea of this one of course we can create a resource pool inside this one.
So we click on it was Paul the only creates a child resource pool for example like this one resource
pool a tool like this one inside and we have another resource pool then we give it value more money.
So if we click on this one you see that it gets a part of this one.
So the calculation it will be part from this one.
So next we'll see do we up.